docs: fix README file (#70)
openshift/aws-account-shredder: README.md

First make sure you have the following environment variables defined:
```

> AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID           # IAM account that has permission to shred the accounts

Reviewer: This description is not quite accurate; This var holds the Access Key ID of an Access Key pair.

Reviewer: For more information, here are the docs around Access Keys https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html

> AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY       # Secret key for the IAM account above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY       # Secret key for the access key pair
```
